Added device condition to signon policy API in the dev doc (#2157)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/okta-expression-language-in-identity-engine/index.md

| `user.$property`                  | `user` reference to the Okta user<br>`property` the top-level property variable name<br>`id`, `status`, `created`, `lastUpdated`, `passwordChanged`, `lastLogin`   | `user.id`<br>`user.status`<br>`user.created`   |
| `user.profile.$profile_property`  | `profile_property` reference to user profile property, including custom-defined properties  | `user.profile.firstName`<br>`user.profile.email`<br>           |

### Okta Device Profile

> When you create an Okta expression, you can reference any property that exists in an Okta Device Profile, and EDR attributes.

Reviewer: We should have a link to EDR here https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/devices/edr-integration-main.htm

Reviewer 2: +1, please add link to generic EDR integration as well.

Author: @jane-kuang-okta the doc link was added. Please see attached image.

Reviewer 2: @sshen-okta Just saw the updated image. The link that Santosh is referring to is the _general_ EDR integration doc; you added a different EDR _signals_ link that Apoorva's commented on. I think it would be good to add the general EDR link as well.

Author: Added both link @jane-kuang-okta, please see attached image.

| Syntax                             | Definitions                                                                              | Examples                                                       |
| --------                           | ----------                                                                               | ------------                                                   |
| `device.profile.$profile_property`  | `profile_property` reference to device profile property  | `device.profile.managed`<br>`device.profile.registered`<br>           |

> | `device.provider.<vendor>.<signal>`| `device` reference to the Okta device<br>`vendor` the vendor such `wtc` for Windows Security Center, `zta` for CrowdStrike| `device.provider.wsc.fireWall`<br>`device.provider.wsc.autoUpdateSettings`<br>`device.provider.zta.overall`   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `device.provider.<vendor>.<signal>`| `device` reference to the Okta device<br>`vendor` the vendor such as `wtc` for Windows Security Center, `zta` for CrowdStrike| `device.provider.wsc.fireWall`<br>`device.provider.wsc.autoUpdateSettings`<br>`device.provider.zta.overall`   |
```

Reviewer 2: Do we want to add a definition for `<signal>`?

Reviewer 3: Can we link signals from https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/devices/edr-integration-available-signals.htm

| `user.$property`                  | `user` reference to the Okta user<br>`property` the top-level property variable name<br>`id`, `status`, `created`, `lastUpdated`, `passwordChanged`, `lastLogin`   | `user.id`<br>`user.status`<br>`user.created`   |
| `user.profile.$profile_property`  | `profile_property` reference to user profile property, including custom-defined properties  | `user.profile.firstName`<br>`user.profile.email`<br>           |

### Okta Device Profile

> When you create an Okta expression, you can reference any property that exists in an Okta Device Profile, and EDR attributes.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When you create an Okta expression, you can reference EDR attributes and any property that exists in an Okta Device Profile.
```

| Syntax                             | Definitions                                                                              | Examples                                                       |
| --------                           | ----------                                                                               | ------------                                                   |

> | `device.profile.$profile_property`  | `profile_property` reference to device profile property  | `device.profile.managed`<br>`device.profile.registered`<br>           |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `device.profile.$profile_property`  | `profile_property` references a Device Profile property  | `device.profile.managed`<br>`device.profile.registered`<br>           |
```

> | `device.provider.<vendor>.<signal>`| `device` reference to the Okta device<br>`vendor` the vendor such as `wtc` for Windows Security Center, `zta` for CrowdStrike| `device.provider.wsc.fireWall`<br>`device.provider.wsc.autoUpdateSettings`<br>`device.provider.zta.overall`   |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `device.provider.<vendor>.<signal>`| `vendor` references a vendor, such as `wtc` for Windows Security Center, or `zta` for CrowdStrike. <br>`signal` references the supported EDR signal by the vendor. | `device.provider.wsc.fireWall`<br>`device.provider.wsc.autoUpdateSettings`<br>`device.provider.zta.overall`   |
```

Reviewer 4: I removed `device` reference due to the discrepancy in the example. Please add it back in with a better description, if required. Thanks!
